readme.md, before:

# Myrmidon

A dead-simple, tiny task executor for Rofi.

## What

Myrmidon executes tasks for you, displaying something similar to modern text editor's command palette. You define the task names and commands, and let myrmidon make a fuzzy search list to select and execute tasks.

<img align="center" alt="demo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4857535/50374333-3d82e800-05cb-11e9-8f14-1338cac3d290.gif"/>

## Why

I've been looking for something like this for a while since I started using i3. Sometimes not everything merits yet another keybinding to remember, nor a bunch of shell files laying around.

## Requirements

Myrmidon currently depends on:

- [Rofi](https://github.com/DaveDavenport/rofi)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

## Installation / defining tasks

Copy both shell scripts in the same directory (e.g: ~/bin)

Define your tasks in `.myrmidon-tasks.json` in your home directory.
Each task is comprised of a `name`, `command` and whether or not it needs a confirmation screen (`confirm`):

Example:

```json
[
  {
    "name": "Area screenshot",
    "command": "gnome-screenshot -a"
  },
  {
    "name": "Window screenshot",
    "command": "gnome-screenshot -w"
  },
  {
    "name": "Power off",
    "confirm": true,
    "command": "systemctl poweroff"
  },
  {
    "name": "Reboot",
    "confirm": true,
    "command": "systemctl reboot"
  },
  {
    "name": "Suspend",
    "confirm": true,
    "command": "systemctl suspend"
  }
]
```

After configuring your tasks file, you would have to set up a keybinding, if needed, to make it work.

For example, in `i3`:

```
bindsym $mod+p exec --no-startup-id ~/bin/myrmidon.sh
```

## To-do

- Allow task file to be given via arguments

Commit message:

Update readme to reflect the optional config path

readme.md, after:

# Myrmidon

A dead-simple, tiny task executor for Rofi.

## What

Myrmidon executes tasks for you, displaying something similar to modern text editor's command palette. You define the task names and commands, and let myrmidon make a fuzzy search list to select and execute tasks.

<img align="center" alt="demo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4857535/50374333-3d82e800-05cb-11e9-8f14-1338cac3d290.gif"/>

## Why

I've been looking for something like this for a while since I started using i3. Sometimes not everything merits yet another keybinding to remember, nor a bunch of shell files laying around.

## Requirements

Myrmidon currently depends on:

- [Rofi](https://github.com/DaveDavenport/rofi)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

## Installation / defining tasks

Copy both shell scripts in the same directory (e.g: ~/bin)

Define your tasks in a json file. The default location of the json file will be `$HOME/.myrmidon-tasks.json`, but you can pass an optional argument as a custom path for the configuration file (e.g: `./myrmidon.sh ~/my-custom-path/tasks.json`).

Each task is comprised of a `name`, `command` and whether or not it needs a confirmation screen (`confirm`):

Example:

```json
[
  {
    "name": "Area screenshot",
    "command": "gnome-screenshot -a"
  },
  {
    "name": "Window screenshot",
    "command": "gnome-screenshot -w"
  },
  {
    "name": "Power off",
    "confirm": true,
    "command": "systemctl poweroff"
  },
  {
    "name": "Reboot",
    "confirm": true,
    "command": "systemctl reboot"
  },
  {
    "name": "Suspend",
    "confirm": true,
    "command": "systemctl suspend"
  }
]
```

After configuring your tasks file, you would have to set up a keybinding, if needed, to make it work.

For example, in `i3`:

```
bindsym $mod+p exec --no-startup-id ~/bin/myrmidon.sh
```
